here is the instructions on how to complete the "fearless decryption challenge"
important note:
this is the pcoket version of fearless decryption challenge (hecker's deckryption challenge 0:1)
that means that there are a few side effects and some diffrent things from the dc version.
the pocket version may be a bit harder than the DC version and takes up more storage and has more files.
this version is managed outside of DC and does not revolv around DC and that also means this is portable on an USB.
and because it does not revolv around dc he exe files use network functions to get the other file once the fi8rst mission is completed.

Fearlss Decryption Challange instructions:
here is the instructions on how to complete the Fearlss Decryption Challege (Hecker's cryptography Challenge 0:1)
when you download the challenge from a source it comes with 2 files.

1. 8eyeru3hu6hr8th3987yt.+
2. StartMission.exe

first you will need to decrypt the 8eyeru3hu6hr8th3987yt.+ and find the right column of data which is a code that you then need to put in the StartMission.exe.
After that it will download a zip archive with the other files. Congrats, you have now made it through the "do you really have the knowlage and skill to enter this challenge?" barrier. 

now open the folder and you will see these files:
###.png
file0.+
file1.SMM
file2.SMM
file3.+
file4.UNB
file5.Unnamed
file7.USB
file8.+
file9.AES
file11.unnamed
FinalCode.exe

now you need to decrypt all files and then figure out the puzzle as all files are not placed in the right order, i also might have added one or two impostor files to mess upp your final code ;)
when have puzzled all peices toughether you should end up with 1 final code. Now open the FinalCode.exe and enter your code. Now you will have the option do download a .pdf certificate that you have completed the "Fearless Decryption Challenge". You can also take a screenshot of the screen that you have completed the challange tho to get maximum proof i recomend you download the certificate. 

License: © 2026 exevectorr — All rights reserved.
Main source: https://www.github.com/exevectorr

This work is proprietary. Unauthorized copying, modification,

or distribution of any part of this project is strictly prohibited.
